Updating the documentation (fixing typos) (#1032)
Codecademy/docs: content/ruby/concepts/casting/casting.md

---
Title: 'Casting'

> Description: 'In Ruby, the language comes with a variety of building typecasting methods for converting values from one data type to another. For the most part methods usually begin with to[data-type]. To convert from String to Integer, use toi: rb meaningoflife = "42" puts meaningoflife.class # Output: String meaningoflife = meaningoflife.to_i'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'In Ruby, the language comes with a variety of building typecasting methods for converting values from one data type to another.'
```
